"Abominators","These genetic monsters were created as military weapons ... Too bad it failed."
"Angels Of Arcadia"
"Anti-Templists"
"Architects Guild"
"Azure Order","Monk order. One of the few lower orders to be involved in world events."
"Bad Artists","These guys really suck big time. If you hire these bums, you deserve them."
"Bankers","With a little investment, these legal bandits can turn a tidy profit."
"Bicycle Messengers","They work the streets like madmen, mainly to keep from getting shot or mugged."
"Blood Order","High warrior monk order: you really don't want to mess with these guys."
"Bounty Hunters","One of the few groups who can track down the shadow ninjas."
"Brothers Of The Blade","Part of the initiation ritual is to carve their initials into each member."
"Chain Gang","Using their linked network, they "Put the chains" on uncooperative clients."
"Computer Hackers","They traverse cyberspace causing havok, manipulating info, and stealing money.""
"Corporate Raiders","They buy companies and rip them apart for cash."
"Crap Pukes"
"Crimson Dragons","Ancient sect of asian warlords whose real purpose remains unknown."
"Cybersharks","Mechanized monsters that terrorize scrap yards for parts."
"Deer Hunters","Good old boys that love to drink and shoot. Usually at the same time."
"Devil Riders","Using high speed road cycles. They terrorize the streets with reckless fury."
"Disco Freaks","These dance happy losers attempt to bring back a long dead era of pain."
"Dog Boys","Scruffy and scrappy pugs that like to rumble but usually play dead."
"Dominatrix Clique"
"Doomsday Cult","Under intense brain-washing these zombies destroy all those opposing the master."
"Ebon Order","Sinister fiends that strike from the heart of darkness to rip your sanity apart."
"Emerald Order","We are a peaceful sect. We mean you no harm... Unless you get in the way."
"Ex-Postal Workers","Don't piss these bad boys off. You know they have had a bad day."
"Ex-Pro Athletes"
"Facemen","Masters of disguise and guile. Excellent mediators and negotiators."
"Fighting Nuns","Holy warriors that love to beat the bejesus out of foolish sinners."
"Firestorm Team"
"Followers Of Squiggy","They believe in an obscure nether entity from the dark dimension, but who cares?"
"Forgers","Why earn money when you can make it? its so easy once it is set up."
"Fortune Tellers","The power of prediction can hold great influence over the masses."
"Grey Order"
"Ground Zero","Para-human militant group. Named due to the fact that they thrive at ground zero."
"Gun Runners","Specializing in moving arms and ammo makes these dudes dangerous enemies."
"Hammer Squad","These guys fix usually involves putting a hammer upside a few heads."
"Hammerfist Clan",""why don't you shut your filthy pie hole before i ram my beefy fist down it!""
"Happy Campers","Love to fish, canoe swim, kill, maim, torture and eat cute things!"
"Headbangers","Their favorite means of attack is blunt objects versus your skull!!"
"Iron Cadre","Pure robotic group still coping with their lack of humanity."
"Leatherheads","Ornery ex-bikers brutes that love to bust up all the mama's boys in town."
"Magenta Order","Purging the mind and body is good for the soul. We think you need purging"
"Master Leeches","These human parasites live to sponge off of others... They worship \"King weasel\"."
"Metal Burn","This town is goin' down in flames! burn, baby, burn!!"
"Middlemen"
"Mutant Thugs"
"Mutt Order","These hounds send the order to the dogs. They are good at rolling over."
"Nancy Boys","Gang wanna-bes who are so useless that they will work for free"
"Neck Kickers","A deviant splinter order which has only one purpose: to kick you in the neck!"
"New Jacks","Seeking power and adventure these young guns blaze a path in blood and tears."
"Night Walkers","An elder vampiric race that feeds on the city like wolves among cattle."
"Ninja Extras","Always looking for a movie or tv show to sell their talent (or lack there of...)"
"Pain, Inc."
"Pinheads"
"Press Corp"
"Psychos"
"Pudding Clowns","These sideshow freaks are hard to kill but are almost useless. Great for parties."
"Pyramid Healers","Healers and thinkers, these ladies draw power from their mystic pyramids."
"Racketeers","Gambling in the blood. These dudes will fix any line or score for you."
"Regulators","Ex-peace keepers who will work for anyone willing to pay."
"Rig Masters","Machines and tech are the bread and butter of these military mechanics."
"Right Hands","Your main guys. They are the most dedicated to your cause."
"Rippers"
"Road Repair Crew","This job is great! one guy works at a time while the other fivë watch!"
"Rusted Blades"
"Science Team"
"Scumbags"
"Sewer Rats"
"Shadow Ninjas","Only come out at night. Can kill with a look. Beware the shadows..."
"Shock Troopers","Former government ground forces. They are brutal mercenaries."
"Silver Ice","Genetically engineered to give off no body heat. The touch of death."
"Sister Of The Saber"
"Slamdancers","They hunger for the mosh. Their goals are to slam and beat up disco freaks."
"Snipers","Their enemies didn't even know what hit them. Lethal assassins."
"Southside Punks","A small time outfit which wants to be reckoned with but are still small time."
"Spasmic Superheroes","These misguided vigilantes believe they ate the chosen protectors of the city."
"Stormlords"
"Suicide Squad","These walking time bombs just love big parties. Wind them up, let 'em go!"
"Sunshine Cult"
"Team Stick Man"
"Techno Scream","Nanotech androids which are jacked and ready to burn."
"The Cleaners","Human exterminators. These mercs "clean up" where other gangs fail."
"Tiger Clan","One of the more vicious animal clans, these beasts have a violent temper."
"Trantian Fusers","A combination of alien and human dna. These creations are shunned by most people."
"Troublemakers"
"Used Car Salesmen"
"Whiz Kids"
"Wolfpack"
"Wounded Fools",""you know that really hurt, but in a good way.""